Network Devices:::

::1.HUB-Hubs connect computers together in a star topology network,Due to their desgin, they increase the chances for collisions. Hubs operate in the physical Layer of the OSI model and hace no intelligence.Hubs flood incoming packets to all ports all the time.

::2.Repeater- A Repeater is an electronic device that receives a signal and retransmits it at a higher level and/or higher power, or onto the other side of an obstraction, so that the signal can cover longer distance without degradation.

::3.Modem-Modem(from modulator-demodulator) is a device that turns the digital 1s and 0s of a personal computer into sounds that can be transmitted over the telephone lines and once received on the other side, converts those sounds back into a from used by a USB, Ethernet, serial, or network connection. Modems are generally classified by the amount of data they can send in a given time, normally measured in bits per second, or "bps".

::4.Switches-Switches provides a central connection between two or more computers on a network, but with some intelligence. they provides traffic control for packets; rather than forwarding data to all the connected ports, a switch forwards data only to the part on which  the destination system is connected. They use a database of MAC addresses to determine where computers are located and very efficiently send packets only where they need to go.

::5.Bridge-Bridge can be identified by the fact that they operated at the data link layer of the OSI model.Bridge have intelligence and can "Bridge" two of therir ports together at very high speed. they use a database of MAC addresses to determine where computers are located and very efficiently send frames only where they need  to go.The database is created dynamically as computer communicate on the network.

::6.Routers-Routers operate at the network layer of the OSI model and efficiently route information between Local Area Network. Since routers operate in the third layer, the network layer, they must understand layer 3 addressing... such as TCP/IP. A router will divide a broadcast domain by not forwarding broadcasts on one connected network to another connected network.

::7.Gateways- they basically workds as the messenger agents that take data from one system, interpret it, and transfer it to another system. Gateways are also called protocal converters and can operate at any network layer.